For the third contest, I worked with my team to complete some problems for the February USACO practice contest that we 
could not attend before the ACM contest. We worked mostly separate for the Bronze level problems, while together we looked
at some of the silver problems.

For my bronze level problem, I actually began by looking at the Year of the Cow problem. I recognized that the problem would
probably be much easier to code using python, so I asked Ben to swap our problems and told him what I thought the solution would
be. Afterwards, I took a shot at the Clockwise Fence problem. 

This turned out to be surprisingly difficult, as I point out in my documentation for the code. I worked for about an hour trying
to implement a solution, before my team decided to try and tackle the silver problems. We first looked at the Just Green Enough
problem, although we were intimidated by the sub-grid approach. I recognized that this was very similar to a problem that we went
over in class, although I was stuck when it came to coding a solution. I think this might be a great problem-type for me to look
over for the other assignment in this class.

After giving up on the Just Green Enough problem, we instead took a look at the silver level Comfortable Cows problem. Aubry was
already prepared for this problem, as she had finished the Bronze level version. Our general strategy is outlined in the code
provided, although we never ended up finding a correct solution. After looking through the solutions provided on the website, I 
think we overthought the process by using recursion. It looks like the flood-fill queue solution is very similar to the breadth-
first search methods that we used in Data Algorithms. This would probably have fixed our issue with 'remembering' previous cow
placements, with the added advantage of running faster.

Overall, I think this was the best practice contest that we did, although we did not perform great with our solutions. We already
had practiced twice and done a real contest, so our communication was greatly improved and it was easy for me to relay my solutions
to them over discord.